README.md, before:

<p align="center"><a href="https://laravel.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laravel/art/master/logo-lockup/5%20SVG/2%20CMYK/1%20Full%20Color/laravel-logolockup-cmyk-red.svg" width="400" alt="Laravel Logo"></a></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/laravel/framework/actions"><img src="https://github.com/laravel/framework/workflows/tests/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/laravel/framework" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/laravel/framework" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/laravel/framework" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## About Laravel

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable and creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel takes the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in many web projects, such as:

- [Simple, fast routing engine](https://laravel.com/docs/routing).
- [Powerful dependency injection container](https://laravel.com/docs/container).
- Multiple back-ends for [session](https://laravel.com/docs/session) and [cache](https://laravel.com/docs/cache) storage.
- Expressive, intuitive [database ORM](https://laravel.com/docs/eloquent).
- Database agnostic [schema migrations](https://laravel.com/docs/migrations).
- [Robust background job processing](https://laravel.com/docs/queues).
- [Real-time event broadcasting](https://laravel.com/docs/broadcasting).

Laravel is accessible, powerful, and provides tools required for large, robust applications.

### Laravel setup
```
composer create-project laravel/laravel laravel-11-mini-crm
```

### Starter kit - Breeze
```
composer require laravel/breeze --dev
php artisan breeze:install
// Blade with Alpine   
```


# Laravel-11-mini-CRM

Commit message:

Replace name with new columns first_name and last_name and add to register module

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><a href="https://laravel.com" target="_blank"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laravel/art/master/logo-lockup/5%20SVG/2%20CMYK/1%20Full%20Color/laravel-logolockup-cmyk-red.svg" width="400" alt="Laravel Logo"></a></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/laravel/framework/actions"><img src="https://github.com/laravel/framework/workflows/tests/badge.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/laravel/framework" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/laravel/framework" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/laravel/framework" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## About Laravel

Laravel is a web application framework with expressive, elegant syntax. We believe development must be an enjoyable and creative experience to be truly fulfilling. Laravel takes the pain out of development by easing common tasks used in many web projects, such as:

- [Simple, fast routing engine](https://laravel.com/docs/routing).
- [Powerful dependency injection container](https://laravel.com/docs/container).
- Multiple back-ends for [session](https://laravel.com/docs/session) and [cache](https://laravel.com/docs/cache) storage.
- Expressive, intuitive [database ORM](https://laravel.com/docs/eloquent).
- Database agnostic [schema migrations](https://laravel.com/docs/migrations).
- [Robust background job processing](https://laravel.com/docs/queues).
- [Real-time event broadcasting](https://laravel.com/docs/broadcasting).

Laravel is accessible, powerful, and provides tools required for large, robust applications.

### Laravel setup
```
composer create-project laravel/laravel laravel-11-mini-crm
```

### Starter kit - Breeze
```
composer require laravel/breeze --dev
php artisan breeze:install
// Blade with Alpine   
```

###### split default name into first name and last name in users table
- Change name to first_name in users migrations and new column last_name
- Change is register blade form as well.

```
php artisan migrate:fresh
```
- changes in users factory as well
```
            'first_name' => fake()->firstName(),
            'last_name' => fake()->lastName(),
```
```
php artisan db:seed
```
